README.md, before:

# Pac-Man Game

A classic Pac-Man game built with HTML5 Canvas, CSS, and JavaScript.

## Features

- Classic Pac-Man gameplay
- 4 colorful ghosts with AI
- Score tracking
- Lives system
- Responsive controls using arrow keys
- Start, Pause, and Restart functionality

## How to Play

1. Open `index.html` in your web browser
2. Click "Start Game" to begin
3. Use arrow keys to control Pac-Man:
   - ↑ Arrow Up: Move Up
   - ↓ Arrow Down: Move Down
   - ← Arrow Left: Move Left
   - → Arrow Right: Move Right
4. Eat all the dots to win!
5. Avoid the ghosts or you'll lose a life
6. Collect power pellets (larger dots) for bonus points

## Game Controls

- **Start Game**: Begin a new game
- **Pause**: Pause/Resume the current game
- **Restart**: Reset the game to initial state

## Scoring

- Small dot: 10 points
- Power pellet: 50 points

## Installation

No installation required! Simply clone the repository and open `index.html` in your web browser.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Rzky14/Game_pacman.git
cd Game_pacman
```

Then open `index.html` in your browser.

## Technologies Used

- HTML5 Canvas
- CSS3
- Vanilla JavaScript

## License

Free to use and modify.

Commit message:

different maps that cycle through levels: Classic, Open Corridors, and Maze Challenge

README.md, after:

# Pac-Man Game

A classic Pac-Man game built with HTML5 Canvas, CSS, and JavaScript.

## Features

- Classic Pac-Man gameplay
- **3 Different Maps** that cycle through levels:
  - **Map 1: Classic Layout** - Traditional Pac-Man maze
  - **Map 2: Open Corridors** - Wide open spaces with strategic walls
  - **Map 3: Maze Challenge** - Complex pathways and tight corners
- 4 colorful ghosts with random AI movement
- Power mode - Eat ghosts for bonus points
- Score tracking and level progression
- Lives system
- Responsive design for mobile and desktop
- Touch controls and swipe gestures for mobile
- Start, Pause, and Restart functionality

## How to Play

1. Open `index.html` in your web browser
2. Click "Start Game" to begin
3. Use arrow keys to control Pac-Man:
   - ↑ Arrow Up: Move Up
   - ↓ Arrow Down: Move Down
   - ← Arrow Left: Move Left
   - → Arrow Right: Move Right
4. Eat all the dots to win!
5. Avoid the ghosts or you'll lose a life
6. Collect power pellets (larger dots) for bonus points

## Game Controls

- **Start Game**: Begin a new game
- **Pause**: Pause/Resume the current game
- **Restart**: Reset the game to initial state

## Scoring

- Small dot: 10 points
- Power pellet: 50 points
- Eating ghosts: 200, 400, 800, 1600 points
- Level completion bonus: 1000 points

## Maps

The game features 3 unique maps that cycle as you progress through levels:

1. **Classic Layout** - The traditional Pac-Man experience with balanced corridors
2. **Open Corridors** - More open spaces allowing for faster gameplay and strategic chasing
3. **Maze Challenge** - Complex maze with narrow passages and challenging navigation

Each map presents different challenges and requires different strategies to complete!

## Installation

No installation required! Simply clone the repository and open `index.html` in your web browser.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Rzky14/Game_pacman.git
cd Game_pacman
```

Then open `index.html` in your browser.

## Technologies Used

- HTML5 Canvas
- CSS3
- Vanilla JavaScript

## License

Free to use and modify.
